MMUKO FLuid Hologrpahic System
-------------------
Gas fluid processes model.So this is my daily update so. I'm trying. Today's date is the 4th of March whic
h is a terminal is 5/01 5:01 PM. Today I've got my diary here. So you know, so this is basically for the drift system, but 
it's like a model for a rocket system. So it's a rocket interface of building from micro. So basically you get a drift is a tripartit
e. Vector in R3 in a set of R sub three XYZ such that GVVG is a graph G = a V. Drift is a tripartite is very vector in R decision R such 
as GV&W is a weight. So G is a graph equals a tuple. Is an edge, V is a vertice, and W is a weights. So basically the weight of a graph is 
starting to go here. So in three colorable red. In a bipartite colorable system, but it says here basically Reds, you get red. A red. So 
you get here 3 global back, three global red off red shift, green is the green shift, and yellow is a yellow shift, but it gets yellow and 
orange. So you get a four states cabin. So these are states. So you get a red and orange because I'm changing it now. Red. Orange. Yellow
. Orange. And green or sleep, so doesn't say so you get a drift. Is a tripartite auxiliary vector in R3 such that G equals EV&W where 
where G is graph equal to the edges, the vertices and weight. Now the weight is determines a snap so. The weight is the weight of density
 of a graph. What is known as graph identity. So it takes into account the in memory processing of system of a system. So imagine if you 
 imagine if you take a model of three people facing each other and one person is moving away. So you're going to have the graph equals to 
 the graph G is an. Rita versus and W is a is a is a is a weighted graph. It's a weight is the weight of the graph or W is weighted of the 
 graph and. Do it on a graph which can give you the density properties like a system of how much have mean mode, medium, average in 
 residence, where C is a compositional cost of the graph, so where C is the computer cost of a lattice. Traversal. That just means 
 there's about this team of cost of a lot of the last. I'm trying to model this properly. Because it's a it's gonna be for a man who hollow interface for my website. So basically you're gonna have graph GE and V have a weight of W and this is the edge has a weight of West and it has the weight of the greater weight. So this is the weight is. Uh, the cost of a function. So it takes into the two bipartite cost, and this is the cost of an air transversal and the weight of a node. So you have the way to say you have the weight of density, you gotta have the weight of enough, you gotta have the weight. So you gotta have bipartisan notes you can't have. 22 bipartisan colours You're going to have red, red, orange. Yellow. Orange, uh, and green orange. So basically is if something's moving away from, if something is static, it's orange color, But if it's shifting away from you, it's red color. So if it's like if I'm looking at someone and someone's moving away from me, it's weird color. And basically that means that the edge is drifting and already indicates that. It's static, so it's one place we only see some moving orthogonal away from me. So it's drifting away from me. But it's at a 90° angle, so it's moving 90° away from me. So yellow is drifting, red is shifting because you just move away from me. But. Bridge was adrift so Redwood English agreed Mrs. Clinton so if you're the museums coming closer towards are moving away from me, Greenmiss is moving closer so Greenmiss is going closer to the atom right angle degrees, which is very important this is you get 3 colors so I'm facing one another so. It goes to define a UI interface that works the system. To be defined as another person. So this is bypassing coloring and they are trying to do yesterday. So basically this is going to use for ahead of time conversation. If you know if you know someone you can see somewhere else. Basically you can estimate the cost of going somewhere else. And that's the if the its weight is too much and this is too much of the node, it will not be the scene. So it doesn't want to just to, you know, estimate. It's not estimation. It's not just like it's a triangle, it's a triangular bearing system that a result of this kind of system of. Via glasses computing analysis basically. Lattice meet, lattice drawing, lattice disjoint and lattice join and meet also standard. So that's a drift. So the drift is defined as. This is so if I if I'm if I'm facing a camera and I'm moving away from the camera. The camera is. The edge glow red. Rather if I stand still on facing camera or the camera's watching me, I should be I should be orange. If I start walking 90° away from the camera, the camera is now in yellow yellow mode. Now if I start first time we can close the camera. I will show me green, green, green, green, green, but because we change based on the cameras perspective of me. So you get 2 formulas here, you get a slight position. I'm busy, I'm busy. A spline as such a subject given given. A spline as even 1 -, t * C. Where where W is the weight of the average. So you get the weight of the average averaging, which is mostly the spline between start start points, basically between the. Camera point so the camera is dead, but it's looking at me so you know the camera is just coming me, but it's just. You get so you get this woman to see in the outdoor from this woman see times teeth and spin. But this will be two 2 thirds C * 1/3. 212 thirds. The same does one tail T + P you know one tail. The way to have some is important 1/3 so this is two 2/3. Two Ted C. Plus 1/3 teeth and spleen and this I'm saying this is weighted average of system of knowledge question this is how do we say that it's 2/3 of the graph that. Verify the system. So this is basically saying in algebra from the disjoint or the meet the disjoint. Distance District The district or non union is the distributed over 1 -, t * C times. Where one woman is tea time. See, she's kind of proof, but she is the time. She is a time interval and P is the predicted point. Is the point. That's pretty overweight of the system, so .1 point X point S. I get. So you get a start equals to X1 minus X1 and Y1 and. X2 and X1 my 2. I mean put this topless n / 2 now divided by two gives you the midpoint of the system and that will start computing weight so the the C so it doesn't matter what it is you get It's like you know you get a piecewise function that gives you algorithm and. So to go to have some compute something ahead of time, but it gives you some kind of smooth UI interface, smooth UI, something else, but this is smooth. So you get the inverse kinematics, Moody RAM, because it's loaded ahead of time and he knows what's going to come up next in the UI. So it's basically not a. Don't have the egg model too and give like a you have a parachute and you're going to invest kinematic model. So if if you join so kind of payload onto something you got like an egg full into his hand, just slow down And so if you can catch it so the egg will not fall into the hand because you know, this is the practice is simple. I'm saying, but purchasing the egg and the eggs can afford it going to have some. Altitude. Basically you are thinking about the user ahead of time, the wind resistance as it comes down and as it comes as a building is developed. So if X model 2 equals even X equals alter if X model 2 equals to, so these are 2.2. This. So the classified is that if X equable to 2 = 0 and X is X model 2 is even, then equals even, equals to 0 is even. So you classify as one set and equals to one set, so X is all. So the goal is to have. A property separated in distributed union so they are computable over the lattice and lattice will give you the properties and that properties b ^2 -, 4 AC which. Of the system they'll give you. Property distributed across sets where you have. A. A. A property PA property PPP. PPP you want to wait unequal to geometric weight, geometric and algebraic solutions to the space d ^2 -, 4 AC which is. And changing the piecewise function or contour switch between piecewise television. Thank you for watching this video. But I said the system was so it's a holographic system, but it's a website. So it doesn't matter where you have an image or not to use it and it goes to have the link up link the images and the images will be or in signaling. Into a binary that's loadable by any firm function Internet. So it's Python that should put something on here. So it goes to hub and in this HTML file in CD go application to link all the images into a video coding system and they will pay frame, A-frame and someone to be interact. Was seamless to try to show this is where you where you put your finger or not on the screen or you move your mouse. You know the system is a fluid system. It's a fluid holographic system. Thank you Munadi for watching the video making this video.


Speechnotes :) https://speechnotes.co